family
this week while we were on
vacation an article came out
in the newspaper El Mundo
an opinion piece
signed by Alberto Rey I don't know who
Alberto Rey is but well he signs it okay I
say maybe
well opinion pieces are usually
signed it doesn't happen that you know that
on some occasion this movie comes out I
saw it the other day It's very pretty this one
was very pretty the Barbie one Well I'll
tell you later but well the Barbie one
If people knew what the
movie was about No they wouldn't
go garbage geography with Marta
risk
the garbage stars As junk food
takes longer than we think to
degrade besides like with
cheap hamburgers isn't the adjective
garbage one that those of us who
look with classism at the
tastes of the working class being the
majority of us also
working class but that's another story
Alba Carrillo in my favorite garbage star
today yesterday I said it in a video that in a
video that I recorded no ave carrillo to me she
seems like a tremendous character no tremendous
tremendous It's being lost
[Music] they
're losing
a character on television the truth I mean it
's  It's very stupid to remove
Alba Carrillo from TV. I
left her outbursts against
Telecinco on her Twitch channel fallow in case
things got worse. She didn't do it
one day the starlite got going and
since Twitch is all about spending the afternoon
talking. Out of Control, it had something for everyone.
Someone cared, only a few
people who, while this was happening on
one network, were commenting on it on another. Twitter
Well, not really, on YouTube,
Alba Carrillo's explosion has been talked about a lot. In fact, I think it's been from
last month, last month. Well,
last month, not the month that's running
now, I'll tell you in a second.
Come on, I'll
tell you in a second. Come on,
from the month that's running right now,
in the last 28 days on Telesalseo, the
two videos that have had the most views have
been one in which I'm talking about
Carlota Corredera watching a one-
click video by Jesús Manuel Ruiz. Carlota
Corredera is called Carlota Corredera
regrets it. Well, let's see if I can get the
whole [ __ ] title
right now.  it's
called my video and the
second most viewed video after that
on this gossip TV channel is Alba
Carrillo's the thumbnail says
criminals no that she's getting into it
then a live stream in which I'm
responding to Marta riesgo when
she messed with me and then
and then a live stream with Marina which is
urgent information I don't know exactly
which live stream it is but those are the
most viral ones this month so yes it has been of
interest and I think many
YouTube channels have commented on the
Alba Carrillo issue if it was mentioned I
am Hunter I am Hunter you are in the world
Joe But where is this man going
But why haven't you dressed up and taken
off the doll I ca
n't help but feel fascinated by
profiles like Alba's her capacity for
exhibitionism is crazy it's as if they
believed that live streams on the internet can't be
recorded that stories last as long as
you want them to last even the
most screen-proof Apps
assume that everything ends up working out well I
don't think Alba Carrillo at any
time in fact I believe Alba
Carrillo not only that I don't think she
wanted
that  not to see that live but on the
contrary I think Alba Carrillo will want
To a certain extent for Her content to go viral so that
people find out that she
is in your fact no good what Marta the
influencer in Marta risked about to
cancel a trip to Tenerife when she
discovered that it is a three hour plane ride we
saw this here
what a short aunt Marta says that
when she found out that a Madrid
Tenerife flight lasted about three hours she
was about to cancel that she had planned
Tenerife is right here next door this is
Spain it is 20 minutes away I thought that this
was so much ignorance and stupidity and after the
Murcia trip next week I'm going
to the Tenerife trip I'm
going with Ana and you'll say why do you put on
this face of calamity I put on this face
of calamity Because all my followers
know that what scares me the most in
this life
is
not having my eyeliner on when I go out on
the street and the plane
and she's already taken the plane and I believed
that to Tenerife that I have never been in my life
To Tenerife I grew up here  Tenerife what
scares me the most in my life is not
having eyeliner we will never know the
word "uncle eyeliner" when I go out on the
street I mean I understand almost an attempt at a
joke like that no yes a kind of joke
not making a bit of a stereotype but
Uff on top of that this joke clearly makes that makes of
course with the content that
this clip has it makes it
worse well 20 minutes
Spain up to 20 minutes and when I have
seen that it is a three hour plane ride I have
been to this believe me to this of
telling Ana Ana
let's abort mission
she said today that it was one of her
jokes
but
being an influencer also has this you have to
take it
there the other part doesn't come out being a
chosen idiot is something else it is believing
that Tenerife arrives in 20 minutes I
mean let's see I understand that she did it
as a joke no Let's
see what she said because you
are telling me that she said something on
her Instagram Let's see
this article in the world is a bit
attacking no let's
see Martha Deco
to Tenerife has me that everyone who is
very special I have met
and on the other hand
where did he say it?
Ah well it's not uploaded he said it yesterday let's
see it seems quite strong to me
the other day we laughed I do
n't know if he said something I would love for him to
send it to me
No, I haven't rehashed Pablo
she says the article is because he
rejected an interview Ah I mean they've asked him for an interview
around the world
they've asked him for an interview around the world
now he'll say it's a joke but no it didn't
seem like a joke to me the other day when I
saw it what happens is that it is true
that man
[Music] to
think that Tenerife is 20 minutes from
Madrid you
can go Of course it's so
surreal I find it hard to believe that
anyone could be serious
But this writer forgets that the
junk food he talks about is what
drives him to write not its quality Oh I do
n't understand your message Javi keep
listening No, it's not that the cyclist is
cut off there
the client is cut off there
but come on it's impossible to think that
Tenerife is 20 minutes away I refuse
to think it
would be a joke she doesn't live in Australia let's
see we're talking about a girl
who has a degree that is four
years of journalism she's not
the  story of his life Javi where the
[ __ ]
Which is which is the one who says it
fascinated and it has
healed my soul but really I
mean these trips that you talk about there are trips
that are just like that and there are others that
mean things Well, everyone who
bathes in these waters is
very special because it made me realize how
lucky I was how strong it is that
a person who doesn't know you who is a
follower of yours offers you I have
met some followers in Tenerife
really what is a joke
ironically it is not literal about the 20
minutes talking about topics because I
was afraid of the plane that's why I said because it
's three hours that if I take it to know
I thought it was 20 minutes I take it and I
go to Valencia then I have seen that that
became like a super
commented news even that they wrote me an
embarrassing and shameful article in
the newspaper El Mundo that I have been
like my mother they are talking seriously
newspaper that two or three weeks ago
asked me for an interview and to say
that it doesn't seem like they have this but anyway
as I come zen like you  I say I'm going to
try not to let it affect me and just tell you
that if you have the opportunity to go to
Tenerife
and bathe in those waters please
do it because they have healed my
soul and calmed my mind and
right now I feel like I'm a
completely renewed Marta I don't know how long it will
last I also tell you but today I am that it
wasn't literal it was like a saying
well let's see it could be let's see the truth is it
surprises me eh sincerely that
someone thinks that having infected 20
minutes from Madrid let's see if a
person who hasn't studied tells me that they will never pick up
a book in their life but [ __ ] a
person who has a career no matter how
many stupid things they say uncle
Javi I just sent you on Instagram
Silvia queen Thank you so much love We
have already seen it last topic what
Lorena is telling me that we are going to
leave last topic last topic I am
better with the cap today it
was not literal definitely Well then that's it for
each one of you to think what you want
if it's that why am I going to give you my
opinion if you are going to say that whoever you
want
Being a reporter, it's probably not your
first time there, totally
true, totally, totally, I hadn't thought
about that point, of course, the reporter who has been
sent to various places in
Spain,
totally, totally,
not because he studies is more intelligent,
man, let's see Rafaela, I
understand that a person who has done
a four-year degree, give it a try, let's see. Let's
see, I don't know, the truth is, to
tell you, it could cost you more or it
could cost you less, yes, it's true.